Theme cleanup (#414)
shoelace-style/webawesome: docs/docs/theming/borders.md

Border widths use `rem` units in order to scale proportionately with the root font size.

> Each border width value uses a `calc()` function with `--wa-border-width-scale` to scale all border widths at once. By default, this multiplier is `1`. The table below lists the result of the calculation.

Reviewer: I would reword to be around what they can _do_ with it, e.g. something like:

```suggestion
To scale all borders at once, you can use the  `--wa-border-width-scale` property which specifies a multiplier on `border-width`. 
Values < 1 make all borders uniformly thinner, while values > 1 make them thicker.
The table below lists the result of the calculation.
```

Also the table below doesn't seem to list the results of any calculation?
